Update noise functions page to include OCR errors (#179)
ihmeuw/pseudopeople: docs/source/noise/column_noise.rst

    - The probability of each character (which we call a "token") having a typo
      **given that the cell is being considered for this noise type**.
      One way to think about this is the probability of a typo on any given character when the value is being typed carelessly.
    - 0.1 (10%)

> Make Optical Character Recognition (OCR) errors

Reviewer: nit: I don't think you need to capitalize this.
```suggestion
Make optical character recognition (OCR) errors
```

--------------------------------------------------

> Optical character recognition (OCR) is when a string is misread for another string that is visually similar. Some common examples are

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An optical character recognition (OCR) error is when a string is misread for another string that is visually similar. Some common examples are
```

‘S’ instead of ‘5’ and ‘m’ instead of ‘iii’.

> pseudopeople defines the possible OCR substitutions using `this CSV file <https://github.com/ihmeuw/vivarium_research_prl/blob/main/src/vivarium_research_prl/noise/ocr-variations-upper-lower.csv>`_, which was produced by the `GeCO project <https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/2505515.2508207>`_. In the file, the first column is the real string (which we call a "token") and the second column is what it could be misread as (a "corruption").

Reviewer: I think we will want to link to this file in the pseudopeople repo, not vivarium_research_prl.

The same token can be associated with multiple corruptions.

> To implement this, we first select the rows to noise, as in other noise functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement this, we first select the rows to noise, as in other noise types.
```

Reviewer: Note: This paragraph is a bit more technical than what we have for other noise types. It would be nice to streamline by:

- Removing discussion of the parameters, just explaining the overall process, and letting the parameters table describe which aspects are configurable.
- Pulling the part about token order and overlapping tokens out into a separate note (after the table?) since it is not critical to understand.

But I don't know if we need to do that in this PR.

(choosing uniformly at random in the case of multiple corruption options for a single token),
**unless a token with any overlapping characters (in the original string) has already been corrupted**.
Tokens are corrupted in the order of the location of their first character in the original string, from beginning to end,
breaking ties (e.g. 'l' and 'l>' are both corruption-eligible tokens and may start on the same 'l') by corrupting longer tokens first.
Note that in an example :code:`abcd` where :code:`ab`, :code:`bc`, **and** :code:`cd` have **all** been selected to be corrupted,
the corruption of :code:`ab` prevents the corruption of :code:`bc` from occurring, which then allows :code:`cd` to be corrupted
even though it overlapped with :code:`bc`.

This noise type is called :code:`make_ocr_errors` in the configuration. It takes two parameters:

.. list-table:: Parameters to the make_ocr_errors noise type
  :widths: 1 5 1
  :header-rows: 1

  * - Parameter
    - Description
    - Default
  * - :code:`cell_probability`
    - The probability of a cell being *considered* to have this noise type.

>       One way to think about this is the probability that a string is misread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      One way to think about this is the probability that a string is read by an inaccurate OCR program or human reader.
```

"misread" implies that there was actually an error, I think.

      Whether or not there are actually any errors depends on the next parameter.
    - 0.01 (1%)
  * - :code:`token_probability`

>     - The probability of each character (which we call a "token") being misread

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The probability of each character or substring (which we call a "token") being misread
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The probability of each corruption-eligible token being misread
```

We already explain what a token is above, and it is important to note that only some tokens (the ones listed in the CSV) are actually eligible.

      **given that the cell is being considered for this noise type**.

>       One way to think about this is the probability of an OCR error on any given character when a character is misread.

Reviewer: I don't think this is right; here's my attempt but I still don't think it's super clear?

```suggestion
      One way to think about this is the probability of an OCR error on any given corruption-eligible token when a string is being read inaccurately.
```
